https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10QaO9KH8HtUXj__81ve0SZcpO5DbMbqqQr4iPpbwKks/edit#slide=id.g320332ed93_1_0
Copy^


##Presentation Requirements

Elevator pitch: A one-minute description of your application.


Concept: What is your user story? What was your motivation for development?


Process: What were the technologies used? How were tasks and roles broken down and assigned? What challenges did you encounter? What were your successes?
tailwind, youtuberesearch, w3 modal reaserach

Demo: Show your stuff!


Directions for future development.


Links to the deployed application and the GitHub repository.

Acceptance criteria
Given a the movies and munchines site
when i arrrive obn the page
I am pressented wieth a button to search for random movies (and a button top search for random recipes)
when i click on random recipes an area appears with a backdrop image and title of the movie 
ehrn ii click on a movie a modal givingh more details appears and i am presented witha  watch later button that eill sve to local storage and display ion a saved movies area there is also a go back button that will closer the window and a random recipe button and ewhen that is clicked an area that is populated with details of a recipe appears on the main page
I am also presentsed with a search button that when cliicked a modal with a searach form pops up when i sewarch by a moiview title and click the movie radio button when i submit a movie title witht the movie raio cllicked movie results willl appaer in the movie area when io submit a main ingredient and click the recipe radio button a list of recipe cards will populate a recipe resultys area when i click on a recipe card a modal with the recipe details pops up anf it has the same buttons but vice versa when the "let us create your night button" is clciked an area with a random movie card with a random recipe card pop up, in those cards there will be a be a movie to pick another random movie or recipe that will randomize the appropriate item there will also be a button to save for another night when that button is clicked it will save locally and display in a saved for later area


When